Demos/DataGrid/UsingHeaderFilter/description.md, before:

A header filter allows users to select values from a predefined set and filter rows by these values. The values are listed in a pop-up menu. To open this menu, users can click header filter icons in column headers.

### Display Header Filter Icons

Enable the **headerFilter**.[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/headerFilter/#visible) property to display header filter icons for all columns. If you want to hide the icon for a specific column, disable the column's [allowHeaderFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#allowHeaderFiltering) property.

### Enable Search Within Header Filters

Users can search values within header filters. To display the search bar, assign **true** to the [allowSearch](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/headerFilter/#allowSearch) property in the global [headerFilter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/headerFilter/) object or in a column's [headerFilter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/) object. At the column level, you can also specify a comparison operation used to search header filter values ([searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#searchMode)).

### Change Available Filter Values

Filter values are generated automatically based on column values. You can group them by a custom [groupInterval](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#groupInterval) or specify an entirely different [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#dataSource) for an individual header filter. Refer to the property descriptions for more information.

Commit message:

DataGrid: add Column Chooser and Header Filter demos (#2572)
* DataGrid: add Column Chooser and Header Filter demos

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Abadzhev <vladimira@devexpress.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Albert Totten <49917542+albertov05@users.noreply.github.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Abadzhev <vladimira@devexpress.com>

* Changes after review

---------

Co-authored-by: Abadzhev <vladimira@devexpress.com>
Co-authored-by: Albert Totten <49917542+albertov05@users.noreply.github.com>

Demos/DataGrid/UsingHeaderFilter/description.md, after:

A header filter allows users to filter rows by values selected in a pop-up menu. To display such a menu, users can click a header filter icon in a column header.

### Display Header Filter Icons

Assign **true** to the **headerFilter**.[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/headerFilter/#visible) property to display header filter icons for all columns. To hide the icon for a specific column, set the column's [allowHeaderFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#allowHeaderFiltering) property to **false**.

### Enable Search UI Within Header Filters

Users can search values within a header filter. To configure the search panel, define the [search](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/headerFilter/search/) property in the global [headerFilter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/headerFilter/) object or in a **columns**.[headerFilter](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/) object. 

The search panel's default behavior looks for values only within the same data field. You can include additional fields in the search. Specify the **search**.[searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/search/#searchExpr) property. For example, this demo allows you to enter a state name in the City column's header filter. You can then see a list of all cities within the specified state, and select city names that you want to use as a filter.

To apply a comparison operation used to search header filter values, specify the **search**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/search/#mode) property.
